hi guys this is my 2006 Aldi this is the
Audi a4 estate but it will this will
work for all the Aldi's I think
basically what happens is you get a lot
of rain and water come through these
vents and fall down be it into the sir
I don't know firewall or bulkhead area
I'm not really mechanically minded so
don't know whether it's actually cold so
that fills up full of water then it gets
quite high or and then it starts to leak
inside your actual car itself into the
foot wells cause all kinds of problems
so you need to obviously get that water
out best way to do this is to pull back
to fit rubber strip that you can see
there on the fin rubber strip then
you're going to need to undo the bracket
for the battery which is this this is
down the front of the battery so if you
look down this wall here in the middle
of the battery you will see this bracket
you need to undo that with the allen key
pull it out and then you'll be able to
lift the battery out you see all the
grime on the bottom of the battery there
from all its leaves and stuff so
underneath here is where you're going to
be full of water and almost got a leak
inside the car so what you need to do is
on blackness it's going to be a major
blockage in the plug now you can see
this black plastic here the plug hole is
directly underneath there so we'll see
if we get that on camera tricky you can
just see that not directly in the center
of screen there it's just behind that
you can just see a kind of a drop so
what you need to do you can just see
that water dripping in there see if I
focus on there a little bit better
that's where you need to stick a
screwdriver or your allen key just push
the leads through and then you'll find
all this water just pour out of here
like it's raining and then I'm going to
see put your battery back in put your
little clamp back on put your rubbers
back on and you're done and you've saved
yourself quite a bit of money from there
go into Aldi and getting them to do this
it is a very common fault so that's how
you do that guys thanks for watching
what